EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/econtent/econtent.md

# eContent

The eContent storage provider can store product data in an efficient way.
It enables storing data (mostly for products and product groups) in database tables with a simple structure. 

During the import the database tables are filled and the eContent data provider and eContent factory are there to get the information from the database and create catalog elements.

Main advantages of using eContent as the data provider:

- Fast imports (e.g. from ERP or PIM systems)
- Supports more than one million products
- Search-ready
- Fast access
- Avoids storing products in the content model
- Allows imports during production and switching catalogs

## Content model vs. eContent data provider

eZ Commerce uses an almost generic way to access the catalog.
The catalog can be stored in the content model or in eContent. 

> If eContent is used there are a few restrictions which have to be considered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If eContent is used, there are a few restrictions that have to be considered:
```

> - A product cannot be embedded using a standard embed feature. eZ Commerce offers an alternative feature which enables embedding products in RichtText Fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A product cannot be embedded by using a standard embed feature. eZ Commerce offers an alternative feature that enables embedding products in RichtText Fields.
```
